>> Steve: I'm gonna head over to this JS
bin, and I'm gonna do some live coding.
And you should be able to open it
yourself and see what's going on or
you can just watch on the screen,
whatever makes you happiest.
>> Steve: I'll flip over.
>> Steve: So this is the five
methods on the Redux library.
If it looks slightly different it's
because I have Redux as a global and
I'm just pulling those five methods off.
If I was using this in a Webpack build,
it would be like import
from the Redux library, but
I'm not in that zone right now.
So let's start to pick off these five.
The easiest one to start with is compose,
because compose is not
actually Redux specific.
If you've ever used composition
with functional programing or
the pipe operator, it's just a way to
take a bunch of functions and chain them.
Redux uses it, we can use it when putting
together middleware, but we don't
necessarily, it's not for Redux, it's
just a helper method that's available.
And so let's explore that one first.
So let's say we had a few functions,
we have a function called makeLouder,
and that'll take a string.
And returns string.toUpperCase.
>> Steve: And we'll make another function.
We'll call it repeatThreeTimes.
>> Steve: No, I didn't pull up
the MDM documentation on string and
pick three random methods.
That's definitely not what happened.
>> Steve: So we'll repeat that 3 times.
And let's have one more,
this one's gonna be called embolden.
>> Steve: This is gonna be
a fun string prototype fact.
We can also call string.bold.
So these are all things that
I can do with a string.
And, ideally, what I would like to do is
have a function called makeLouder and
bold and repeat three times.
Now I could write that function.
I could have a function that takes
a string and does something like,
>> Steve: makeLouder(string) and then I
can pass that into repeatThreeTimes,
and then I can pass that.
>> Steve: I copy that line.
This is the important part of live coding,
right?
embolden, that will, theoretically,
if I had a function that took a string and
did that, but
it's kinda hard to read that backwards.
We don't really want to do that.
All compose does is it takes a bunch of
functions and returns a new function that,
it waits for a value and passes it through
all the functions that you gave it.
Let's use actual code cuz words are hard.
So we'll bring back that, say,
const
makeLouderAndBoldAndRepeatThreeTimes.
And all we're gonna do is use compose and
we're gonna pass it makeLouder and
we'll pass in embolden and
we'll pass it RepeatThreeTimes.
>> Steve: And so I grab that,
I'll see that I have a function and
if I pass it a string,
>> Steve: You
can see that inside of a bold B tag I get
HELLO three times, all capital, right?
That's it, that's all compose does,
we're done.
So now we're down to four methods,
so that's going pretty well.